Exercise 2.1 – Test your knowledge
To get the best answer to some of these questions, you will need to do your own research.

1. What statement can you type in a C# file to discover the compiler and language version?
	#error version
	
2. What are the two types of comments in C#?
	//One Line Comment
	/*Multi Line
	Comment*/

3. What is the difference between a verbatim string and an interpolated string?
	Verbatim string uses prefix @ to disable escape characters
	Interpolated string uses prefix $ to enable embeded formatted variables.
	
4. Why should you be careful when using float and double values?
	Float and double types are not guaranteed to be accurate as decimal.
	As a rule of thumb, you should only use double when accuracy, especially when comparing the equality of two numbers, is not important.
	
5. How can you determine how many bytes a type like double uses in memory?
	sizeof() returns the number of bytes that a type uses in memory.
	
6. When should you use the var keyword?
	Only when the type of the variable is obvious.

7. What is the newest syntax to create an instance of a class like XmlDocument?
	It is known as target-typed new.  You can specify the type of the object first and then use new without repeating the type. 
	Example: XmlDocument xml1 = new();

8. Why should you be careful when using the dynamic type?
	It can be difficult to debug code that uses dynamic types since the type is not known at compile time.
	
9. How do you right-align a format string?
	You can use Console.WriteLine(format: "{0,-10} {1,6}", arg0: "Name", arg1: "Count");
	Positive integers mean right-aligned and negative integers mean left-aligned.
	
10. What character separates arguments for a console app?
	Command-line arguments are separated by spaces.
	
	
Exercise 2.2 – Test your knowledge of number types
What type would you choose for the following “numbers”?

• A person’s telephone number: String
• A person’s height: Float or Double
• A person’s age: Int
• A person’s salary: Decimal
• A book’s ISBN: String 
• A book’s price: Decimal
• A book’s shipping weight: Float or double
• A country’s population: Float or Double
• The number of stars in the universe: ulong
• The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the UK (up to about
50,000 employees per business): ushort